Development Plan
================

(Under Development)

The general development of CompoST until 1.0 focuses mainly on standardising all objects that are critical for most composite related operations, at any stage of design or manufacture. 

Until 1.0 most use-cases will be internal, as that way any interative changes to the core CompoST objects will not negatively impact any collaborations. However, further the CompoST development should be based
on industrial and academic use-cases. These should only minimally affect core CompoST definitions. However, some editing (versioning) of the core CompoST must be assumed, to accomodate for cases that have not yet been
considered. Overall, most code developed for individual use cases should ideally be stored in https://github.com/National-Composites-Centre/CST_utils , or in specific dedicated repository, for re-usability and community 
visibility. 

Once use-cases for majority of applications have been demonstrated, only minimal edits to core CompoST should be done. Process of approvals and evaluation of effects will be developed at this stage. However, everyone is always
free to clone core CompoST and modify it locally for their purposes. The only downside of this is will be that the community developed script might not function of the shelf as intended.

Use Cases
---------

Use cases can be only simple data input/export tasks, or full blown detailed processes including many steps. In either case, an existent proces is identified and CompoST is implemented as the main storage mechanism for composite
data. If any developments are required, these are done and recoreded CST_utils repository, or directly in CompoST if these solve core requirements.

(include use case pages here -- as a new tree)
(add use case page template)


Collaborations
--------------

Collaborations will mainly be required where export/import from a software is required. This can sometimes be developed on software user (our) side. However, very often the APIs of the software do not support the level of scripting
required to develop CompoST integration tools. In such cases key collaborations will be identified. The funding of the collaborative development will depend on the use-case. 

(include collaboration pages here -- these might only be publishable following the succesful collaboration)
(add colaboration page template )